# CS-250
SNHU Software Development Lifecycle

How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
I take what the client has requested and list them out first. Then, I create user stories to help organize what the program should do, what it should include, and its main functions. In each user story, a title is given, a goal statement, then a list of attributes for that user story. Once all needs are inventoried, the individual user stories are placed in categories organized by importance. Typically, these are measured in terms of Small, Medium, and Large importance. After taking the time to organize each story into their respective importance level, I take one final review to make sure the goal is set and then begin development.
**********************************
How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
I like to take a structured approach to developing programs. If given a set of requirements by a client, I take them down and organize them like I stated above. However, its important for me to think about the security of the program, the structure of the code, and what updates the client may want in the future. Future maintenance is always good to keep in the back of your mind as well as you develop to deter bad coding practices. Through this course, I've learned that I really enjoy the agile process of planning and development and I plan to continue practicing agile methods to be more flexible in my own development. I enjoy the time management and sprint goals that come with agile, as they help keep me organized and well-paced to deliver a final product not only on time, but one that works exactly as the client states.
**********************************
What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
Being a good team member in software development is one of the strongest character traits needed in the industry. It requires being transparent and having good communication, accepting your mistakes and acknowledging things you don't necessarily understand right away. Team members have to be self-organized, self-motivated, and goal oriented while respecting one another. They have to collaborate seamlessly with one another, be adaptible to changing requirements, and have the ability to learn through review and retrospect.
